PoS space review (#501)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/pos/how-to/bridging/ethereum-polygon/ethereum-to-matic.md

comments: true
---

The mechanism to natively read Ethereum data from Polygon EVM chain is that of ‘State Sync’. In other words, this mechanism enables transfer of arbitrary data from Ethereum chain to Polygon chain. The procedure that makes it possible is: Validators on the Heimdall layer are listening for a particular event — `StateSynced` from a *sender* contract, as soon as the event is picked, the `data` that was passed in the event is written on the *receiver* contract. Read more [here](../../../architecture/bor/state-sync.md).

The sender and receiver contracts are required to be mapped on Ethereum — [StateSender.sol](https://github.com/maticnetwork/contracts/blob/release-betaV2/contracts/root/stateSyncer/StateSender.sol) needs to be aware of each sender and receiver.

!!! tip "Custom tokens"

    Looking to bridge your custom token to Polygon PoS using the official bridge? Check out the guide on [how to submit a request to get your token mapped](../ethereum-polygon/submit-mapping-request.md).

---

> In the following walkthrough, we'll be deploying a sender contract on Sepolia (Ethereum testnet) and a Receiver contract on Amoy (Polygon testnet). Then, we'll be sending data from the sender and reading data on the receiver via web3 calls in a node script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following walkthrough, we'll be deploying a sender contract on Sepolia (Ethereum testnet) and a receiver contract on Amoy (Polygon testnet). Then, we'll be sending data from the sender and reading data on the receiver via web3 calls in a node script.
```

}
```

We're using a simple `states` counter to keep track of the number of states sent via the sender contract.

Use Remix to deploy the contract and keep a note of the address and ABI.

### 2. Deploy receiver contract

The receiver contract is the one that is invoked by a validator when the `StateSynced` event is emitted. The validator invokes the function `onStateReceive`on the receiver contract to submit the data. To implement it, we first import [StateReceiver](https://github.com/maticnetwork/contracts/blob/release-betaV2/contracts/child/bor/StateReceiver.sol) interface and write down our custom logic — to interpret the transferred data inside onStateReceive.

> Following is how our `Receiver.sol` looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is what our `Receiver.sol` looks like:
```
